Marking Scheme
1. 50% of the marks for execution and 50% of the marks for presentability (5%) and logic (45%)
approximately.
2.  Well-documented and readable programs will get a better score for presentability.
3.  No marks for writing logically correct statements that are out of context.


Problem Statement
You need to construct a Binary Search Tree where each node stores a linked list. You can consider the
first node of the linked list as the key to insert into an appropriate position in the BST. Given a file
“file1.txt”, where the first line contains how many data records are present in this file (say n). Then
there are n lines in the file, where each line contains a space separated set of integers to be inserted
as a linked list into the BST using the first integer value as the key. Once such a BST is built, you will
first need to sort all the linked lists at each of the nodes of the BST without touching the first element
of the linked list. It means that you need to sort each linked list starting from its second node. Then 
you will need to do an in-order traversal of this BST and print it to a new file called “file2.txt”. This in-
order traversal is a special traversal that prints the linked lists stored while visiting each node of the
BST. You need to print one linked list per line to “file2.txt”. Carefully observe the sample input and
output displayed below to properly understand this. Please do the above tasks in a modular way as
per the functions described below:

a. Create a function readData() that reads data from “file1.txt” and creates a BST of linked lists
as described above. 20 Marks
b. Create a function sortLists() that uses any sorting algorithm of your choice to sort all the linked
lists stored in the BST as per the above specifications. 17 Marks
c. Create a function traverse() that performs the in-order traversal as described above and prints
the output to the file “file2.txt”. Observe the sample output given below to understand it
better. 17 Marks
d. Create a main() function that drives the above program in the order of the steps described
above. 6 Marks
You are free to create your own structure definitions and choose the function signatures. Don’t change
the function names.